Added Roslyn Debugging Steps (#2197)
dotnet/aspnetcore-tooling: docs/contributing/RoslynDebugging.md

# Debugging with experimental Roslyn bits
Sometimes it may be necessary to make changes in [`dotnet/roslyn`](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn), and react to the changes in this repo. The following are steps which outline the general process in using Roslyn development `dll`s with Razor Tooling.

## Steps:
1. Checkout [`dotnet/roslyn`](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn)
2. `./Restore.cmd`
3. Make the desired changes in `dotnet/roslyn`

> 4. `./Build.cmd -pack` => `-pack` instructs for the creation of the NuGet packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. `./Build.cmd -pack`. The `-pack` option causes the creation of NuGet packages.
```

5. You should see the generated packages in the `roslyn\artifacts\packages\Debug\Release` directory. Take note of the package versions (ie. `Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.Common.3.8.0.nupkg` => `3.8.0`)

> 6. Open the `aspnetcore-tooling/NuGet.config` and add the local package source `<add key="Roslyn Local Package source" value="[PATH_TO_ROSLYN_REPO]\artifacts\packages\Debug\Release" />`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Open `aspnetcore-tooling/NuGet.config` and add the local package source `<add key="Roslyn Local Package source" value="[PATH_TO_ROSLYN_REPO]\artifacts\packages\Debug\Release" />`
```

7. Open `aspnetcore-tooling/eng/Versions.props` and update all the `Tooling_*` versions to the version noted in step 5, except for  `Tooling_MicrosoftVisualStudioLanguageServicesRazorRemoteClientPackageVersion`.

## Notes:

> - Running the `dotnet/roslyn` project uses the `RoslynDev` root suffix Visual Studio Hive.

Reviewer: I think people not deep into our repo will find this statement confusing, though I have no specific suggestions for improving it.

Author: This is how roslyn handles it:
> If you're familiar with the idea of Visual Studio hives, we deploy into the RoslynDev root suffix.
https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/blob/master/docs/contributing/Building,%20Debugging,%20and%20Testing%20on%20Windows.md

I'll update to reflect something similar
